Update various BN/NAT articles (#11368)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators/Becoming_a_Beatmap_Nominator/en.md

Applicants are required to meet a minimum [kudosu](/wiki/Modding/Kudosu) threshold, and submit three [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap) they have recently [modded](/wiki/Modding), alongside answering certain question regarding them. A message from the NAT will be sent once a verdict has been decided. More information on applying can be found [on the website](https://bn.mappersguild.com/bnapps).

## Basic criteria

Modders aiming to apply to the Beatmap Nominators must have:

- At least 150 [kudosu](/wiki/Modding/Kudosu).
- An ability to recognise beatmaps that should (and should not) be nominated
- No outstanding behaviour issues.

## Traits to demonstrate in modding

*See also: [Common modding mistakes](/wiki/Guides/Common_modding_mistakes) and [osu!mania modding guide](/wiki/Guides/osu!mania_modding_guide)*

Submitted mods should show that a user is capable of recognising beatmaps that should and should not be nominated, alongside analysing and improving beatmaps to a standard fit for the Beatmap Nominators.

The following are modding traits expected of Beatmap Nominators:

- **Coverage of all common difficulty levels.**

>   - Most beatmaps will have a spread of [difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) ranging from easy up to expert, and so Beatmap Nominators must be proficient in modding such difficulties. Proficiency in modding extremely high level difficulties is not required.

Reviewer: Shouldn't Easy and Expert start with capital letters?

## Application process

![Application flowchart](img/bn-application-flowchart.png "Flowchart outlining the Beatmap Nominator application process")

Users are required to submit three beatmaps that have been modded by them within the last 6 months, each having a different host.

- **A mod on a map that is ready to be nominated (or ready to be nominated after the mod is applied).**
  - This intends to show the applicant's ability to conduct the final steps of the modding process and independently evaluate a map's readiness for Ranked.
  - This map should have 0 nominations when the application is submitted.
  - The applicant should briefly describe why the map is ready (or nearly ready) to be nominated.
- **A mod on a map that is NOT ready to be nominated without significant improvements.**

>   - This intends to show the applican'ts issue identification skills, communication skills, and understanding of standards for Ranked maps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - This intends to show the applicant's issue identification skills, communication skills, and understanding of standards for Ranked maps.
```

At this stage, the comments and votes from each evaluator are revealed to the other evaluators, and in the case of an ambiguous verdict, they will discuss until a consensus is reached.

Additional feedback is then written to add any missing information from the evaluators' comments and the application result is sent back to the applicant by the [Nomination Assessment Team bot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6616586) as an [announcement message](/wiki/Announcement_messages), after which the evaluation will be archived for future reference. Successful applicants are added as a probationary BN immediately after the result is sent.

## Communication post-application

> When an application is completed, the applicant is provided with an interface that allows him to chat with the evaluators directly through the BN website in order to ask any questions regarding their application consensus and the evaluators' comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an application is completed, the applicant is provided with an interface that allows them to chat with the evaluators directly through the BN website in order to ask any questions regarding their application consensus and the evaluators' comments.
```

> The chat would be automatically locked after 7 days of inactivity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chat is automatically locked after 7 days of inactivity.
```

![Feedback chat](img/feedback-chat.png "The feedback chat interface")

## Cooldowns

> A cooldown of 60 days that prevents the user from re-applying is applied on the following actions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A cooldown of 60 days that prevents the user from re-applying is applied on the following occasions:
```
seems better
